# Weather app
#### Video Demo: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3Q741MLc9w)
#### Description:
    
    a simple application that when idle, shows you the weather in your area. When you first access the website i have a python file called app.py. when the method of the index.html is GET ,app.py uses a built in api that grabs the ip address of the user and returns a json with your ip address,city, and which country the ip address resides. once i have the city name of the user i then put that variable into another api from OpenWeatherMap.org that returns a bunch of information in a JSON including tempatures, a breif description and information on predictions on the weather that day. i then made variables for this information and passed them through HTML to be displayed to the user. 

    For looks and for overall feel of the website i wanted to make a dynamic backround that will change based on the 
    weather to bring a feel to the user about whatever weather theyre area has. i did this by taking advantage of the description that was returned through the OpenWeatherMap API . With a very brief two word description of the weather it also returns an id for that weather , a sunny day is 01d...etc . so for each id i downloaded a quick 5 second webm animation and made a variable called backround_image and backround_color. depending on what id is returned, will create a variable and call to one of the 11 webm images to be presented in the backround of the website along with a backround color that matches.

    after it creates the backround and loads in the weather for your area then you can check your weather and see the highs and lows for the day and read the description while getting a feel through what the backround brings and the breif description.  at the top of the page there is an input text feild whre you can enter the name of a city,state,or country. if you input a city it will return the tempature, the tempature minimum the tempature maximum and a description of the weather, and what it feels like outside tempature wise along with what city the state resides, if its a city outside of the US it will tell you what country that city is in. a state will return everything the city does but it will be an average of the tempature of the states cities.  and if its a country it will work like the state except it will tell you what contenint or territory it lies within.and return the average low average high and average tempature for the country with a breif description.
    
    I had a lot of fun with this final project and im very excited to have this be the first of many applications i create. i gained alot of knowledge on API and how they work and i heeard about them before but not until using them i realized how easy open accessed ones are to use and also how much good they bring by pretty much being a worldwide function in a library of worldwide infromation. i learned about .json and jsonifying files to get the information from the apis themselves which like the webm files that i spent hours waiting to download wasnt the most exciting part BUT neverless i did enjoy gaining a new knowledge on them.